Project Name: Food Drive (Food donation and Reservation portal)
===============================================================

Bluenose URL(s):
----------------

1.  home page:-------------
    https://web.cs.dal.ca/\~sunesara/csci5709/a2/index.html

2.  help:------------------
    https://web.cs.dal.ca/\~sunesara/csci5709/a2/help.html

3.  about:-----------------
    https://web.cs.dal.ca/\~sunesara/csci5709/a2/about.html

4.  signup:----------------
    https://web.cs.dal.ca/\~sunesara/csci5709/a2/signup.html

5.  forgot your password:--
    https://web.cs.dal.ca/\~sunesara/csci5709/a2/forgot.html

6.  dashboard:-------------
    https://web.cs.dal.ca/\~sunesara/csci5709/a2/dashboard.html

7.  Reports:---------------
    https://web.cs.dal.ca/\~sunesara/csci5709/a2/reports.html

To login into Food Drive app, following credentials can be used (credentials are
hardcoded). Other input will be consider as invalid credentials.

Username: donor

Password: donor12345

User can also navigate through individual links mentioned above without
requiring login.

Git URL: https://git.cs.dal.ca/sunesara/a2_amirul_sunesara.git

Author Attribution:
===================

RSS Logo:
https://www.logolynx.com/images/logolynx/f5/f53c4d13232e2ff432ee5c4c6129a956.png

Usage: The RSS logo is required to display RSS feature in this application. By
clicking on this logo, user will be able to subscribe to RSS feeds. This logo is
used on every page on bottom of navigation bar.

Google Material Icons: https://material.io/tools/icons/?style=baseline

Usage: To enhance user experience of application, google material icons are used
in dashboard.html and reports.html.

Bootstrap Validator: http://bootstrapvalidator.votintsev.ru/getting-started/

Usage: This link gives examples of implementing real-time validations in web
forms. This source is primarily used to provide better user-experience. From
this source, code is modified and implemented in signup.js and forgot.js files.

Chart.js: https://www.chartjs.org/docs/latest/

Usage: This source provides examples of implementing charts (Piechart,
Barchart). These examples are used to implement charts in Food Drive
application, which is essential to display clear view of data to users. From
this source, code is modified and implemented in graphs.js file.

Geocoding and Reverse Geocoding:
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/geocoding

Usage: Food drive has a feature to display locations of nearby donors on the
basis of user's current location or search parameters. Therefore, this source is
used as a reference implement geocoding and reverse geocoding in this
application. The code is modified and implement in mapsAPI.js file

Places Autocomplete textbox:
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/places-autocomplete

Usage: For a better user-experience the location search textbox should provide
suggestions of places. Therfore, this source is used as a reference to implement
code in mapsAPI.js and signup.js file.

Bootstrap Cheat sheet: https://hackerthemes.com/bootstrap-cheatsheet/

Usage: This cheat sheat provides code snippetes of bootstrap elements such as
textboxes, navigation bars, buttons etc., which is used to create UI of this
application. This is the most convenient source to learn and implement
bootstrap.

Bootstrap Datepicker: https://bootstrap-datepicker.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Usage: Datepicker provides convenience to user when a user wants to select a
date. Datepicker needs to be implemented particularly in reports.html file so
that user can choose data and download report. This source is used to learn the
syntax of date picker.

Bootstrap Modal: https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/components/modal/

Usage: Bootstrap modal provides interface of dialogues boxes which is used to
send feedback to users. This source is used to learn syntax of bootstrap modal
and implement in index.html, signup.html, about.html and help.html

Bootstrap Documentation: https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/components/navbar/

Usage: This source provides detail information on using nav bars which is an
essential component for structring the UI. This source provide code samples,
which is modified and implemented throughout application.
